>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so
I mentioned Appearance
because I was going to introduce it.
And Appearance right here,
we have none button, button-arrow-down,
button-arrow-next, button-arrow-previous,
button-arrow-up, button-bevel,
button-focus caret, checkbox,
checkbox-container.
These are all values of
the -moz-appearance property.
>> Estelle Weyl: There's more.
>> Estelle Weyl: Then we
have -webkit-appearance.
So these are all things that instead
of defining like a color and
everything else, they'll just say,
basically, -webkit-appearance button and
then it will look like a button.
And so you can change that.
You can say -webkit-appearance none, and
that's something I use a lot,
probably too much.
Because you shouldn't be playing with
the natural appearance of things because
people are used to things
with appearing a certain way.
A radio button should
look like a radio button.
Like there's on off toggles which are like
a thing that is like this wide and
has a button here and
you move it to the side.
But I never know which one means on and
off, because is just a thing.
And is off to the right or to the left I
don't know, why they didn't use the check
box cause the check box is either on or
off and you can click it on and off.
Like a radio button,
you always have to click one on, so
if you have five radio buttons
all having the same name value which
means they're in the same name group.
If you click one, you can click another
one and then the first one will turn off.
There's no way to unclick all five of
them once you've clicked one of them.
Radio boxes you can do that.
So, it's best to actually
use the native features, but
sometimes your designer says I really
want my buttons to be like this.
And so 99% of people use a div or
a span for
a button, when a button is much better,
and you can just change the appearance,
and make it look like it's
a different type of button.
So the reason you wanna use button and
link instead of div-class button or
span-class button is the semantics.
So who cares about the semantics
other than screen readers.
Well if you have a paragraph or div
that is a button how do you tab to that?
You have to give it a tab index.
How do you put it in
the right tab index order,
how do you keyboard navigate to it,
all these different things.
If you actually use
the correct HTML element,
then everything is taken care of for you.
Like I've created a carousel that
works exactly like a carousel,
it spins around it's awesome.
And there's one line of JavaScript which
just says change the background position
or translate the transforms
because I used radio buttons.
So when they click on the next,
when they use their arrow,
they just click onto the next radio
button and everything changes.
And I had to put no
JavaScript to maintain state.
If you use an element for its non-intended
purpose, if you use the wrong element,
you have to use JavaScript
to maintain state.
So I know most people here use Angular
cause I've heard people talking about it.
>> Estelle Weyl: No.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Estelle Weyl: 90% of stuff that people
use frameworks for, they could do if they
fully understood what the element does.
And then they wouldn't have to
basically re-create the DOM.
And that's why we have virtual DOMs,
because people don't
understand the actual DOM.
If you understood the actual DOM,
you wouldn't need a virtual DOM.
Which isn't true, there are real cases
to need frameworks and they make sense.
But the only times I know that
Angular is being used is when I
hit an error on a page.
Like, it wants my phone number and my
phone number is ten digits long, but it's
only accepting five digits because they
put the wrong thing into their Angular.
So I go into my web inspector and I change
it and I wonder, no one must submit
this form because no one can submit this
form unless they go into the inspector but
maybe they only want web
developers to submit their form.
Anyhow so, how do I know what the webkit
values are on a media control?
So let's say we have a video and
it has all the controls,
you can actually find these
style sheets that show you.
So the webkit right here,
we have the webkit media controls and
then, let me see, one.
-webkit appearance is media mute button,
right, so if you wanna use the mute
button that comes with the iOS device
just put in -webkit-appearance: media mute
button and you get a mute button, I think.
I don't know, I wouldn't do that,
I've never done it.
But reading source code, other people's
source code especially browser developers,
you can learn so much.